README.md, before:

# Bearmark

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/linw1995/bearmark/graph/badge.svg?token=F2G2WCN6OP)](https://codecov.io/github/linw1995/bearmark)

Bearmark is a lightweight browser bookmark management system,
designed for developers who need
a personalized solution for managing bookmarks through API integration.

It allows users to deploy and use it on their servers,
ensuring the security and privacy of data.

## Deployments

- [docker-compose](./deployments/docker-compose/)

### Securities

Supports simple API key authentication.
You can use below command to generate a random API key.

```bash
openssl rand -base64 32
```

> [!CAUTION]
> If you use bearmark in the public network, please use HTTPS.

### Use docker-compose for deployment

```bash
cd ./deployments/docker-compose/
cp .env.example .env # and modify the .env file

docker compose up -d

open http://localhost:2284
```

## Integrations

- Web viewer: [bearmark-web](https://github.com/linw1995/bearmark_web)

  Already integrated with Bearmark server.
  Open the link <http://localhost:2284/> in your browser,
  and input your API key.

- Raycast Extension: [bearmark-raycast](https://github.com/linw1995/bearmark_raycast)

  Enable searching and opening bookmarks in Raycast.
  Save the currently viewed Safari webpage to Bearmark.
  Configure your Bearmark server API endpoint <http://localhost:2284/api>
  and API key in the Raycast extension.

## Developments

Use nix to setup development environment.

```bash
nix develop
```

Or use `direnv` to load nix environment automatically.

```bash
echo "use flake" > .envrc
```

### Helpful Scripts

Also, you can use `./scripts/cli.sh` to invoke startups and testings.

```bash
./scripts/cli.sh install-deps

./scripts/cli.sh setup # setup database by docker compose
./scripts/cli.sh teardown # cleanup

./scripts/cli.sh lint
./scripts/cli.sh test
./scripts/cli.sh coverage
```

### Cross Compiling

You can use the following command to cross compile the binary.

Or use pre-built docker image [ghcr.io/linw1995/bearmark](https://github.com/linw1995/bearmark/pkgs/container/bearmark)

```bash
nix develop .#x86_64-unknown-linux-musl

cargo build --target x86_64-unknown-linux-musl --release \
  --package bearmark-api --bin serve
echo `find target -name serve -type f`
```

Commit message:

Make serving static pages optional (#22)
* Make serving static pages optional

* Customize API configs provider

* Update Dockerfile

* Update Dockerfile

* Remove package dotenvy

* Update diesel.toml

* Update deployments/docker-compose/docker-compose.yaml

* Update .github/workflows/CI.yml

* Update README.md

* Update .github/workflows/CI.yml

* Update .github/workflows/CI.yml

* Update .github/workflows/CI.yml

* Update ./scripts/cli.sh

* Fix docker deployment

README.md, after:

# Bearmark

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/linw1995/bearmark/graph/badge.svg?token=F2G2WCN6OP)](https://codecov.io/github/linw1995/bearmark)

Bearmark is a lightweight browser bookmark management system,
designed for developers who need
a personalized solution for managing bookmarks through API integration.

It allows users to deploy and use it on their servers,
ensuring the security and privacy of data.

## Deployments

- [docker-compose](./deployments/docker-compose/)

### Securities

Supports simple API key authentication.
You can use below command to generate a random API key.

```bash
openssl rand -base64 32
```

> [!CAUTION]
> If you use bearmark in the public network, please use HTTPS.

### Use docker-compose for deployment

```bash
cd ./deployments/docker-compose/
cp .env.example .env # and modify the .env file

docker compose up -d

open http://localhost:2284
```

## Integrations

- Web viewer: [bearmark-web](https://github.com/linw1995/bearmark_web)

  Already integrated with Bearmark server.
  Open the link <http://localhost:2284/> in your browser,
  and input your API key.

- Raycast Extension: [bearmark-raycast](https://github.com/linw1995/bearmark_raycast)

  Enable searching and opening bookmarks in Raycast.
  Save the currently viewed Safari webpage to Bearmark.
  Configure your Bearmark server API endpoint <http://localhost:2284/api>
  and API key in the Raycast extension.

## Developments

Use nix to setup development environment,
or use `direnv` to load nix environment automatically.

```bash
# setup database by docker compose
# and generate .envrc file
./scripts/cli.sh setup

# activate manually
nix develop
source .envrc
```

### Helpful Scripts

Also, you can use `./scripts/cli.sh` to invoke startups and testings.

```bash
./scripts/cli.sh install-deps

./scripts/cli.sh setup # setup database by docker compose
./scripts/cli.sh teardown # cleanup

./scripts/cli.sh lint
./scripts/cli.sh test
./scripts/cli.sh coverage
```

### Cross Compiling

You can use the following command to cross compile the binary.

Or use pre-built docker image [ghcr.io/linw1995/bearmark](https://github.com/linw1995/bearmark/pkgs/container/bearmark)

```bash
nix develop .#x86_64-unknown-linux-musl

cargo build --target x86_64-unknown-linux-musl --release \
  --package bearmark-api --bin serve
echo `find target -name serve -type f`
```
